README.md, before:

# vCard - Personal portfolio

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/codewithsadee/vcard-personal-portfolio)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/codewithsadee/vcard-personal-portfolio?style=social)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/codewithsadee/vcard-personal-portfolio?style=social)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/codewithsadee?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=codewithsadee)
[![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/SoxmIlgf2zM?style=social)](https://youtu.be/SoxmIlgf2zM)

vCard is a fully responsive personal portfolio website, responsive for all devices, built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Demo

![vCard Desktop Demo](./website-demo-image/desktop.png "Desktop Demo")
![vCard Mobile Demo](./website-demo-image/mobile.png "Mobile Demo")

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads "Download Git") must be installed on your operating system.

## Installing vCard

To install **vCard**, follow these steps:

Linux and macOS:

```bash
sudo git clone https://github.com/codewithsadee/vcard-personal-portfolio.git
```

Windows:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/codewithsadee/vcard-personal-portfolio.git
```

## Contact

If you want to contact me you can reach me at [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/codewithsadee).

## License

This project is **free to use** and does not contains any license.

Commit message:

new template
from https://github.com/sunilyadav8

README.md, after:

<h2 align="center">
  Portfolio Website live demo
  <a href="https://sunilyadavportfolio.netlify.app/" target="_blank">SunilyadavPortfolio</a>
</h2>
<div align="center">
  <img width="960" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20383021/148535829-e697023d-cf9b-4873-b04c-ab33c465d085.png">
</div>

## Built With

My personal portfolio   <a href="https://sunilyadavportfolio.netlify.app/" target="_blank">https://sunilyadavportfolio.netlify.app/</a> and my personal blog  <a href="http://www.logicstime.com/" target="_blank">http://www.logicstime.com/</a> <br/>

This project was built using these technologies.

- React.js
- CSS3
- VsCode

## Features

**📖 Multi-Page Layout**

**🎨 Styled with React-Bootstrap and Css with easy to customize colors**

**📱 Fully Responsive**

## Getting Started

Clone down this repository. You will need `node.js` and `git` installed globally on your machine.

## 🛠 Installation and Setup Instructions

1. Installation: `npm install`

2. In the project directory, you can run: `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
The page will reload if you make edits.
